i
let's explain the simple three
exercises the number 64 and 66 the three
They are opening with pulley of openings of
pectorals and pulleys and what we're going to
change is the position of the bank
inclined direct plane the difference
between the openings and the pulley pressure
is that in the presi we selected
we stretch all here the elbow is going to
stay in the same position throughout
the route
we go
maintaining that same position and from
here we go back up keeping
and second if I'm going to explain a way
where you can use a little more
exercise difficulties at the end of the
travel just when we are up the
partner
we have to maintain that strength
the force
yes
something that you have to consider here
it's warm down we should not wait
more than 6 able to control it with the
weather
on the way it is important to arrive
down I recommend the openings
more alcoleas in cufflink
agreement because the moment when more
delicate is the bet that you feel
over the shoulder for sure is that there
a lot of distance but the movement up
the place where we have placed the
load that makes there really much
more joint stress
in this segment x that more distance and
from that point to this other
when we are with some dumbbells
Ropes are a resistance and need
means that the door that exerts
implant entertains the floor
when a force attacks 90 degrees from
axis all the putting that the others do
general about this which means that the
work is really dedicated the
force with which it attacks the shaft
because whenever you can do
a dumbbell especially to start
probably going to have a musculature
That allows him
for the field
so in this position
ah
putting something
we have